Add TAG's Working Groups section and Green Reviews WG (#151)
cncf/tag-env-sustainability: website/content/about/working-groups.md

---
title: Working Groups
description: This section provides information about working groups that operate under the TAG Environmental Sustainability.
slug: working-groups
---

> The purpose of working groups are to study and report on a particular question and make recommendations based on its findings. You can read more about the intention of working groups and the overall process behind submitting a working group proposal on the Technical Oversight Committee (TOC) GitHub: [CNCF Working Groups](https://github.com/cncf/toc/blob/main/workinggroups/README.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
TAG Environmental Sustainability has working groups and teams to effectively collaborate and coordinate efforts towards achieving common goals and objectives, as well as to distribute tasks and responsibilities among its members for efficient execution. This approach allows for a more streamlined and organized approach to managing complex projects within the CNCF ecosystem. You can read more about the intention of working groups and the overall process behind submitting a working group proposal on the Technical Oversight Committee (TOC) GitHub: [CNCF Working Groups](https://github.com/cncf/toc/blob/main/workinggroups/README.md).
```
reused the TAG Contrib Strat phrasing here [link](https://github.com/cncf/tag-contributor-strategy#working-groups-and-teams)
